docs/user_guide/overview.md, before:

## Hamiltonian

Heisenberg Ion is a Quantum Monte Carlo (QMC) Stochastic Series Expansion (SSE) and Exact Diagonalization (ED) simulator for the anisotropic Heisenberg model with a longitudinal field, defined by the Hamiltonian:

$$
H = - \sum_{i < j} J_{ij} \left( S_x^i S_x^j + S_y^i S_y^j + \Delta S_z^i S_z^j \right) + h\sum_{i} S_z^i
\label{heisenberg_z_field}
$$

Here, $S_k^i = \frac{1}{2} \sigma_k^i$ is the spin-1/2 operator corresponding to site $i$, for each $k \in \{x,y,z\}$. The Pauli matrices $\sigma_k$ are defined as follows: 

$$
\sigma_x = \begin{pmatrix} 0 & 1 \\ 1 & 0 \end{pmatrix} \quad \sigma_y = \begin{pmatrix} 0 & -i \\ i & 0 \end{pmatrix} \quad \sigma_z = \begin{pmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & -1 \end{pmatrix}
$$

For QMC, if the interactions are long-range, the coupling matrix must be ferromagnetic: $J_{ij} > 0 \ \forall \ 1 \leq i,j \leq N$, to avoid the sign problem. Our ED engine allows for entirely arbitrary couplings and also supports the inclusion of a transverse field term. The general ED Hamiltonian is:

$$
H = - \sum_{i < j} J_{ij} \left( S_x^i S_x^j + S_y^i S_y^j + \Delta S_z^i S_z^j \right) + h\sum_{i} S_z^i - B\sum_{i} S_x^i
\label{heisenberg_z_x_fields}
$$

## Exact Diagonalization

ED corresponds to constructing the entire $2^N \times 2^N$ ($N$ is the total number of sites on the lattice) dimensional Hamiltonian matrix in the $S_z$ basis, and diagonalizing it numerically. Since the Hamiltonian dimensions scale exponentially with system size, ED becomes prohibitively expensive for large $N$. In fact, it is easy to show that ED exhibits exponential scaling in both time and memory. However, since it is exact and involves a relatively transparent implementation, it is instrumental for validating more complex algorithmic approaches for many-body physics. For technical details about how the Hamiltonian is constructed in Heisenberg Ion, see [Algorithms](../algorithms/ed.md). 

## Quantum Monte Carlo

QMC is a statistical approach for studying the equilibrium properties of a many-body system. For systems without frustration, such as the isotropic Heisenberg model with nearest-neighbor interactions, it is widely believed that the SSE variant of QMC scales polynomially. For Technical details about the Heisenberg Ion SSE approach, see [Algorithms](../algorithms/sse.md). For a complete list of the Hamiltonians and their supported SSE algorithms in Heisenberg Ion, see [Hamiltonian Types](hamiltonian_types.md). We have two QMC engines implemented in Heisenberg Ion. The first targets long range interactions and uses a C++ backend. The other is implemented using Python and simulates isotropic variants of the Heisenberg model, as well as the XY model in the presence of nearest neighbor interactions.  


## General Workflow

The general approach for using any of the simulators in the Heisenberg Ion is the same. The workflow can be divided into the following sequential steps: 

### Input Specification  
This includes defining the inputs and passing them to the package. These are then parsed to determine the workflow settings. Model specific validation checks are owned by the components being used by the program, typically called by the preprocessor. Details about specifying the inputs can be found in the [Input Specification](input_specs.md) section. 

### Preprocessing  
This involves preparing the input files for the simulator specified by the user. Since the simulators can be considerably different in the inputs they require (e.g. we need to produce probability tables for QMC with long range interaction but not for nearest neighbor interactions), each simulator has its own preprocessor subclass. Details about the different preprocessors can be found in the [API Reference](../api/preproc/preprocessor.md). 

### Drivers  
Our QMC implementation uses C++ backend, and our ED calculator uses a Julia backend. The driver layer uses a command line subprocess to call these engines. For nearest-neighbor QMC, the driver simply calls the relevant implementation class in Python. As with the preprocessors, each simulator carries its own driver implemented as a subclass of the base driver class. Details can be found in the [API Reference](../api/drivers.md). 

### Engines  
These modules contain the algorithmic simulation logic. Currently, we support three simulator engines: long-range QMC, nearest-neighbor QMC and ED. The output data files in each case are produced by the engine layer. For technical details, see the relevant sections of the [Algorithms](../algorithms/sse.md) tab. Details about the output format can be found in the [Output Files](../user_guide/output_format.md) section. 

### Postprocessing  
The post processing module includes statistical utilities for the QMC outputs, and simple equilibrium property calculators for the ED data. Other utilities here include methods for computing ground state properties with linear spin wave theory, as well as a KL divergence calculator for comparing small QMC datasets. Some post-processing examples can be found in the examples folder of the repo, exhibited via Jupyter notebooks. Details can be found in the [Development Guide](../api/postproc.md).

Commit message:

[Docs] Add note about active development

docs/user_guide/overview.md, after:

!!! Note
    Heisenberg Ion is still under active development so breaking changes are possible.
    See [Features in development](../feat_dev.md) for details.

## Hamiltonian

Heisenberg Ion is a Quantum Monte Carlo (QMC) Stochastic Series Expansion (SSE) and Exact Diagonalization (ED) simulator for the anisotropic Heisenberg model with a longitudinal field, defined by the Hamiltonian:

$$
H = - \sum_{i < j} J_{ij} \left( S_x^i S_x^j + S_y^i S_y^j + \Delta S_z^i S_z^j \right) + h\sum_{i} S_z^i
\label{heisenberg_z_field}
$$

Here, $S_k^i = \frac{1}{2} \sigma_k^i$ is the spin-1/2 operator corresponding to site $i$, for each $k \in \{x,y,z\}$. The Pauli matrices $\sigma_k$ are defined as follows: 

$$
\sigma_x = \begin{pmatrix} 0 & 1 \\ 1 & 0 \end{pmatrix} \quad \sigma_y = \begin{pmatrix} 0 & -i \\ i & 0 \end{pmatrix} \quad \sigma_z = \begin{pmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & -1 \end{pmatrix}
$$

For QMC, if the interactions are long-range, the coupling matrix must be ferromagnetic: $J_{ij} > 0 \ \forall \ 1 \leq i,j \leq N$, to avoid the sign problem. Our ED engine allows for entirely arbitrary couplings and also supports the inclusion of a transverse field term. The general ED Hamiltonian is:

$$
H = - \sum_{i < j} J_{ij} \left( S_x^i S_x^j + S_y^i S_y^j + \Delta S_z^i S_z^j \right) + h\sum_{i} S_z^i - B\sum_{i} S_x^i
\label{heisenberg_z_x_fields}
$$

## Exact Diagonalization

ED corresponds to constructing the entire $2^N \times 2^N$ ($N$ is the total number of sites on the lattice) dimensional Hamiltonian matrix in the $S_z$ basis, and diagonalizing it numerically. Since the Hamiltonian dimensions scale exponentially with system size, ED becomes prohibitively expensive for large $N$. In fact, it is easy to show that ED exhibits exponential scaling in both time and memory. However, since it is exact and involves a relatively transparent implementation, it is instrumental for validating more complex algorithmic approaches for many-body physics. For technical details about how the Hamiltonian is constructed in Heisenberg Ion, see [Algorithms](../algorithms/ed.md). 

## Quantum Monte Carlo

QMC is a statistical approach for studying the equilibrium properties of a many-body system. For systems without frustration, such as the isotropic Heisenberg model with nearest-neighbor interactions, it is widely believed that the SSE variant of QMC scales polynomially. For Technical details about the Heisenberg Ion SSE approach, see [Algorithms](../algorithms/sse.md). For a complete list of the Hamiltonians and their supported SSE algorithms in Heisenberg Ion, see [Hamiltonian Types](hamiltonian_types.md). We have two QMC engines implemented in Heisenberg Ion. The first targets long range interactions and uses a C++ backend. The other is implemented using Python and simulates isotropic variants of the Heisenberg model, as well as the XY model in the presence of nearest neighbor interactions.  


## General Workflow

The general approach for using any of the simulators in the Heisenberg Ion is the same. The workflow can be divided into the following sequential steps: 

### Input Specification  
This includes defining the inputs and passing them to the package. These are then parsed to determine the workflow settings. Model specific validation checks are owned by the components being used by the program, typically called by the preprocessor. Details about specifying the inputs can be found in the [Input Specification](input_specs.md) section. 

### Preprocessing  
This involves preparing the input files for the simulator specified by the user. Since the simulators can be considerably different in the inputs they require (e.g. we need to produce probability tables for QMC with long range interaction but not for nearest neighbor interactions), each simulator has its own preprocessor subclass. Details about the different preprocessors can be found in the [API Reference](../api/preproc/preprocessor.md). 

### Drivers  
Our QMC implementation uses C++ backend, and our ED calculator uses a Julia backend. The driver layer uses a command line subprocess to call these engines. For nearest-neighbor QMC, the driver simply calls the relevant implementation class in Python. As with the preprocessors, each simulator carries its own driver implemented as a subclass of the base driver class. Details can be found in the [API Reference](../api/drivers.md). 

### Engines  
These modules contain the algorithmic simulation logic. Currently, we support three simulator engines: long-range QMC, nearest-neighbor QMC and ED. The output data files in each case are produced by the engine layer. For technical details, see the relevant sections of the [Algorithms](../algorithms/sse.md) tab. Details about the output format can be found in the [Output Files](../user_guide/output_format.md) section. 

### Postprocessing  
The post processing module includes statistical utilities for the QMC outputs, and simple equilibrium property calculators for the ED data. Other utilities here include methods for computing ground state properties with linear spin wave theory, as well as a KL divergence calculator for comparing small QMC datasets. Some post-processing examples can be found in the examples folder of the repo, exhibited via Jupyter notebooks. Details can be found in the [Development Guide](../api/postproc.md).
